Docs 3771 scale 22.02 reorg update apps articles (#1550)
truenas/documentation: content/SCALE/SCALETutorials/Apps/MinIOClustersSCALE.md

Go to **Storage > Pools** and select the pool you want to place the dataset in. 
You can use an existing pool or create a new one. 

> After creating the dataset, go to **System > Shell** and create the directory MinIO store sinformation the application uses. MinIO uses **/data** but allows users to replace this with the directory of their choice. Change to the */pool/dataset* directory and then use the `mkdir /mnt/data` command to create the **/data** directory. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After creating the dataset, go to **System > Shell** and create the directory MinIO stores information the application uses. MinIO uses **/data** but allows users to replace this with the directory of their choice. Change to the */pool/dataset* directory and then use the `mkdir /mnt/data` command to create the **/data** directory. 
```

Now that the first node is complete, you can configure any remaining nodes (including datasets and directories).

{{< /expand >}}

### Setting Up Using MinIO Install
{{< expand "Setting Up Using MinIO Install" "v" >}}
Go to **Apps** and select the **Available Applications** tab to display the MinIO application card. Click **Install** on the MinIO card to open the MinIO configuration wizard.

First, enter a name for the MinIO cluster. Click **Next**. Type the name in all lowercase.

![AppsMinIOApplicationName](/images/SCALE/22.02/AppsMinIOApplicationName.png "Application Name")

Next, add the **Workload Configuration** settings.

Select an update strategy. Use **Kill existing pods before creating new ones** to recreate the container or **Create new pods and then kill old ones** if you want rolling upgrades. 
We recommend **Kill existing pods before creating new ones**. Click **Next**.

![AppsMinIOWorkloadConfiguration](/images/SCALE/22.02/AppsMinIOWorkloadConfiguration.png "Upgrade Strategy")

Now enter the **MinIO Configuration** settings.

> If you want to run your MinIO instance to connect to a distributed MinIO cluster, set **Enable Distributed Mode** and input your Distributed Minio Instance URI. See the [Distributed MinIO Quickstart Guide]9https://docs.min.io/docs/distributed-minio-quickstart-guide) for more information.

Reviewer: Link not displaying

Author: fixed
